NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D's"...
GO, MY DUEL BOTS!
WITH THE POWER OF
THE SHADOWS FUELING
YOUR MISSION,
SEND THIS CITY
SPIRALING
INTO CHAOS!
TRUDGE TO DISPATCH, WHAT'S
THE SITUATION OUT THERE?
IT SEEMS LIKE THE TURBO DUEL
SYSTEM ON THE HIGHWAY GRID
SUDDENLY CHANGED
TO BATTLE ROYAL MODE.
CAN WE GET A VISUAL?
THAT LOOKS LIKE THE GHOST.
BUT THAT'S
IMPOSSIBLE!
YUSEI!
Yusei: SHERRY, ELSWORTH.
LOOKS LIKE WE'RE DEALING
WITH AN ARMY OF GHOSTS.
MAYBE THE GHOSTS
ARE JUST TRYING TO CRASH
THE TOURNAMENT.
WE DO NOT KNOW
WHAT THEY WANT.
WELL, WE KNOW THEY'RE
NOT HERE TO MAKE
FRIENDS, SO WHATEVER
THEY'RE TRYING TO DO,
WE'VE GOT TO STOP THEM.
UGH. SOMEONE
IS MEDDLING.
AND I THINK I KNOW WHO.
PRIMO.
HOW DARE YOU INTERFERE
WITH THE PRIME DIRECTIVE!
BY FORCING ALL THESE
HUMANS INTO DUELING,
WE CAN CREATE THE
CIRCUIT IN NO TIME.
IF YOU FORCE THEM
TO BATTLE OUT OF FEAR,
YOU WON'T DRAW OUT
THEIR TRUE ABILITIES.
THEY'LL BE SCARED
AND DESPERATE AND SLOPPY.
AS A RESULT, A PERFECT CIRCUIT
WILL NEVER BE FORMED.
MY PLAN IS IN MOTION.
THERE'S NO STOPPING
IT NOW.
Sherry: THERE ARE
TOO MANY OF THEM!
Elsworth:
SHERRY'S RIGHT.
WE HAVE TO
GET OUT OF HERE!
TOO LATE. WE'VE BEEN
FORCED INTO DUEL MODE.
WE GOT TO DO THIS.
Robot: I SUMMON
ALLY SALVO.
ATTACK!
Robots:
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
All: I SUMMON ALLY SALVO!
ATTACK!
[SHERRY SCREAMS]
SHERRY, NO!
Yusei, thinking:
I CAN'T WIN THIS.
I'VE GOT TO SHAKE
THESE GUYS SOMEHOW.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN
SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME,
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU
COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Yusei, thinking:
THIS GHOST ARMY
JUST WON'T LET UP.
Yusei: THIS IS NOT
LOOKING GOOD.
I CAN'T KEEP TAKING HITS.
I'VE GOT TO OUTRUN THESE GUYS.
Bruno:
YUSEI!
HE'S OUTNUMBERED.
HE CAN'T WIN.
COME ON. THINK.
THERE'S GOT TO BE
SOMETHING YOU CAN DO
TO SAVE HIM.
Zone: THERE IS
SOMETHING YOU CAN DO.
REMEMBER YOUR DIRECTIVE.
YOU HAVE ONE PURPOSE.
MY DIRECTIVE IS CLEAR.
I EXIST FOR ONLY ONE REASON.
I MUST KEEP YUSEI SAFE.
HYAH!
DELTA EAGLE, RISE AGAIN.
I CAN'T LOSE THESE GUYS.
[ROBOTS LAUGHING]
THERE'S NOWHERE
FOR YOU TO RUN, YUSEI.
AND NOWHERE TO HIDE.
I'M COMING, YUSEI!
Robot: YOU'RE
GOING DOWN.
ALLY SALVO, ATTACK!
ATTACK!
UH.
YUSEI.
DON'T WORRY.
I'VE GOT YOUR BACK!
VIZOR?
I'M EQUIPPING
TECH GENUS BLADE BLASTER
WITH THE BUSTER BLASTER
CARD.
NOW A MONSTER EQUIPPED
WITH BUSTER BLASTER
MAY LOSE
500 ATTACK POINTS,
BUT IF IT STILL
MANAGES TO DESTROY
A MONSTER IN BATTLE,
THEN EVERY SIMILAR
TYPE OF MONSTER
ON THE FIELD
GOES DOWN WITH IT.
AND RIGHT NOW,
THERE'S A WHOLE LOT OF
MACHINE TYPES OUT THERE.
BLAST AWAY! GO!
[ROBOTS GROAN]
THANKS FOR THAT.
YUSEI, SPEED UP.
YOUR ONLY HOPE TO
SHAKE THESE GHOSTS
IS BY BREAKING
THE WALL.
CATCH MY SLIP STREAM
AND TRY TO KEEP UP.
Yusei: WHAT WALL ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
Vizor:
JUST KEEP UP!
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
YOU THINK YOU
CAN ESCAPE ME?
THINK AGAIN!
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO STARTED THIS,
YUSEI FUDO,
BUT I'M GOING
TO FINISH IT.
VIZOR, SLOW IT DOWN!
Primo:
WHAT'S WRONG, YUSEI?
CAN'T TAKE THE RUSH?
Vizor: UH-OH. SOUNDS
LIKE WE'VE GOT COMPANY
YOU'VE HAD YOUR FUN.
YOU'VE INTERFERED
WITH MY PLANS
AND MY SCHEMES.
BUT NOW YOU FACE
MY MEKLORD EMPERORS.
YOUR MEKLORD EMPERORS?
DOES THAT MEAN
THAT YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S BEHIND
THIS GHOST ARMY INVASION?
AND WHAT IF I AM?
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
YOU COULDN'T
POSSIBLY COMPREHEND
THE REASONS
FOR MY ACTIONS.
THERE'S NO WAY THE TINY
AND FEEBLE HUMAN MIND
COULD WRAP ITSELF AROUND
THE GRAND IDEAS
GOVERNING
THE PURE NOBLES.
OH. SO YOU'RE CRAZY.
AND YOU'RE FINISHED.
I AM GOING TO BURY
YOU FOR MESSING
WITH MY GHOST ARMY.
PREPARE FOR THE END.
THIS IS BAD.
I'VE TAKEN A BEATING
FROM THAT ARMY OF HIS
AND I'VE ONLY GOT
A FEW LIFE POINTS LEFT.
I CAN'T--
THEN ALLOW ME!
ALL RIGHT. THIS IS
THE MOMENT, YUSEI.
IT'S NOW OR NEVER.
YOUR ONLY ESCAPE
IS TO ACHIEVE
ACCEL SYNCHRO.
I DON'T KNOW HOW.
DON'T FOCUS ON HOW.
IT ISN'T ABOUT
THE MECHANICS
AND ENGINEERING
AT THIS POINT.
IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU.
THE FORCE THAT'S
GENERATED
BY THE PLANETARY
PARTICLE IS
A LIVING ENERGY
CAPABLE OF READING
THE HUMAN HEART.
IT WHAT? ARE YOU SAYING
THAT MY ENGINE IS ALIVE?
Vizor: IN A WAY, YES.
WHEN PROFESSOR FUDO
AND ROMAN GOODWIN
DISCOVERED WHAT IS
NOW CALLED ENER-D,
THEY DISCOVERED
A DIRECT LINE
TO THE POWER
OF THE ETERNALS.
THAT POWER IS
A LIVING FORCE
THAT SURROUNDS US ALL.
IT'S PART OF EVERYTHING.
IT'S A PART OF YOU.
A PERSON
IN PERFECT HARMONY
WITH THE ETERNAL POWER
IS CAPABLE OF
TRANSCENDING
TIME AND SPACE.
SYNCHRONICITY IS THE KEY.
A CLEAR MIND.
YOU HAVE TO FORGET
ABOUT EVERYTHING ELSE.
IT SOUNDS EASY,
BUT I JUST HAVE
SO MUCH ON MY MIND.
LET IT ALL GO.
FORGET ABOUT
THE WORLD AROUND YOU
AND FOCUS ON THE
WORLD WITHIN YOU.
YOU CAN DO THIS.
JUST LISTEN
TO THE WIND.
OK. I'LL TRY.
Yusei, thinking:
"TRY." SEEMS LIKE
THAT'S ALL I'VE BEEN DOING
EVER SINCE
MY ENCOUNTER WITH
THAT FIRST DUEL BOT.
I'VE TRAINED
AND PUSHED MYSELF,
BUT TRY AS I MIGHT,
I STILL CAN'T PULL OFF
THIS WHOLE
ACCEL SYNCHRO THING.
WHAT'S BEEN
HOLDING ME BACK?
OF COURSE. DEEP DOWN,
I'VE BEEN AFRAID OF
THE MEKLORD EMPERORS.
THEY'RE ALL I THINK ABOUT.
IF I COULD JUST FORGET THEM
AND FOCUS ON MYSELF.
THE WIND. ALL I CAN
HEAR IS THE WIND.
EVERYTHING
IS FADING AWAY--
ALL MY FEARS,
ALL MY WORRIES.
IT'S ALL JUST STARDUST.
WHAT IN THE WORLD
IS THAT?
NO WAY.
DUEL ME, YUSEI!
THIS IS IT.
THIS IS THE POWER
OF THE ACCEL SYNCHRO!
THIS IS
PERFECT SYNCHRONICITY.
WHAT?
YUSEI!
HE DID IT.
WHAT IS THIS?
HE WAS JUST HERE.
WHERE IS HE?
HE'S GONE.
HE'S ALREADY HEADED
TOWARDS A NEW POTENTIAL.
HE IS WAY OUT
OF YOUR REACH.
NOW I REMEMBER YOU.
WHAT IS YOUR INTEREST
IN YUSEI FUDO?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT THAT.
LISTEN.
IF I WERE YOU, I WOULD
BE MUCH MORE CONCERNED
ABOUT WHAT MY INTEREST
IS IN YOU.
IS THAT SO?
I WAS SENT HERE TO STOP YOU
FROM ACHIEVING YOUR GOAL,
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M GONNA DO
WITH MY ACCEL SYNCHRO!
WITH YOUR WHAT?
[CAT MEWING]
AAH!
I THOUGHT I'D GOTTEN
RID OF YOU FOR GOOD.
WHO ARE YOU,
AND WHAT DO YOU
KNOW ABOUT ME?
I KNOW THAT YOU'RE ABOUT
TO LOSE TO ME IN A DUEL.
I THINK
I MIGHT LIKE YOU,
BUT TOO BAD
I HAVE TO DESTROY YOU.
WHERE AM I?
Jakob:
THAT STONE TABLET.
IT ISN'T ONE OF OURS.
WHY DOES HE GET
A STONE TABLET?
COULD IT BE?
IS YUSEI FUDO ABLE
TO HEAR THE VOICE OF
THE ANCIENT ONE?
THAT IS SO WRONG.
HE'S JUST
A STUPID HUMAN.
HE'S NOT
SPECIAL LIKE US!
IT'S NOT FAIR!
Yusei: THAT'S AMAZING.
THE ENGRAVING LOOKS JUST
LIKE A MONSTER CARD.
Yusei:
I RECOGNIZE THIS PLACE.
YOU AGAIN.
WHAT ARE YOU?
WHAT ARE YOU HOLDING
IN YOUR HAND, YUSEI FUDO?
HMM?
THIS ISN'T MINE.
YOU HOLD THE PATH
TO A CLEAR MIND--
A CARD THAT WILL ALLOW
YOU TO ACCEL SYNCHRO.
ARE YOU GIVING
THIS TO ME?
IT IS NOT MINE TO GIVE.
THIS CARD HAS FOUND YOU.
ITS POSSIBILITIES NOW
LIVE WITHIN YOUR MIND.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I SEE BEFORE ME
MULTIPLE FUTURES,
BUT I CANNOT DETERMINE
WHICH ONE AWAITS YOU.
YOU MUST SIMPLY
TRAVEL THE PATH YOU
THINK IS CORRECT.
[ECHOING]
CORRECT...
NO! WAIT!
Yusei, thinking:
TRAVEL THE PATH
I THINK IS CORRECT.
RIGHT NOW, THAT PATH
IS ME DOING WHAT I CAN
TO SAVE NEW DOMINO CITY.
THE FIRST MOVE IS MINE.
SO MAKE IT.
ARE YOU IN A RUSH
TO MEET YOUR DEMISE?
WELL, THEN LET'S NOT
HESITATE A MOMENT LONGER.
I SUMMON WISE CORE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
THEN I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
A MONSTER WITH
NO DEFENSE POINTS.
HE WANTS ME TO ATTACK.
Vizor, thinking:
WISE CORE
HAS THE ABILITY
TO INSTANTLY SUMMON
A MEKLORD EMPEROR,
BUT IT HAS TO BE
DESTROYED BY AN EFFECT,
NOT AN ATTACK.
OF COURSE. EITHER WAY
THAT FACEDOWN CARD
WILL ACTIVATE WHEN
I DESTROY WISE CORE.
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
SINCE YOU'RE
THE ONLY ONE WITH MONSTERS
OUT ON THE FIELD,
I CAN SPECIAL SUMMON
TECH GENUS STRIKER.
AND SINCE I SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMONED A LEVEL 2 MONSTER
FROM MY HAND, I CAN KEEP
THE MOMENTUM GOING
BY SPECIAL SUMMONING
TECH GENUS WARWOLF
FROM MY HAND.
AND NOW WITH BOTH
OF THEM ON THE FIELD,
LEVEL 2 TECH GENUS STRIKER
TUNES
LEVEL 3 TECH GENUS WARWOLF.
ALL SYSTEMS ARE GO!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON TECH GENUS
POWER GLADIATOR.
ARE YOU TRYING
TO PUT ME TO SLEEP?
WHAT A JOKE.
PERHAPS TECH GENUS
RUSH RHINO WILL WAKE YOU UP!
[RHINO GROWLING]
Duel Runner computer:
WHEN TECH GENUS RUSH RHINO
IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
YOU CAN DRAW
ANOTHER RUSH RHINO
FROM YOUR DECK
AND ADD IT TO YOUR HAND.
YOUR MEKLORD EMPERORS
DON'T SCARE ME.
TECH GENUS
POWER GLADIATOR,
ATTACK WISE CORE.
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP--
TWIN VORTEX!
BY ACTIVATING THIS
TRAP CARD WHEN YOU ATTACK,
I CAN DESTROY ONE MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD
BY DESTROYING
ONE MONSTER ON MY FIELD.
A TRAP THAT EMPLOYS
A COUNTER ATTACK
AND WISE CORE'S ABILITY.
WELL, I'VE GOT A SPECIAL
ABILITY OF MY OWN.
WHEN POWER GLADIATOR
IS DESTROYED,
I GET TO DRAW ONE CARD.
I HAD A FEELING YOU
KNEW THIS WAS COMING.
SINCE WISE CORE WAS
DESTROYED BY AN EFFECT,
I CAN DESTROY
ALL MY OTHER MONSTERS
IN ORDER TO SUMMON MEKLORD
EMPEROR WISEL INFINITY--
WISEL TOP...
WISEL ATTACK...
WISEL GUARD...
AND WISEL CARRIER.
AND NOW, THEY COMBINE,
AND MEKLORD EMPEROR
WISEL INFINITY
GAINS THE ATTACK POINTS OF
ALL THE OTHER COMPONENTS.
SO THAT'S
MEKLORD EMPEROR WISEL.
MY RUSH RHINO CAN'T
DEFEAT IT RIGHT NOW,
BUT DON'T THINK
FOR A SECOND
THAT I'M SCARED OF
THAT HUNK OF BOLTS.
I END MY TURN WITH
TWO FACEDOWN CARDS.
AND NOW
I'LL END THIS DUEL!
ATTACK,
MEKLORD EMPEROR WISEL!
TURN HIS RHINO INTO DUST.
YOU MAY HAVE PUT
RUSH RHINO DOWN,
BUT IT'S DEFINITELY
NOT OUT.
THANKS TO ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY,
IT CAN CHARGE BACK
INTO BATTLE!
[LAUGHS]
THAT'S LITTLE MORE
THAN A CONSOLATION PRIZE
AT THIS POINT.
YOU CAN'T DEFEAT
MY MEKLORD EMPEROR,
AND YOU KNOW IT.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
FIRST, I SUMMON
TECH GENUS
CYBER MAGICIAN.
THIS LITTLE GUY'S GOT
A GREAT SPECIAL ABILITY.
WHEN I USE HIM
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON,
I CAN TUNE HIM WITH MONSTERS
THAT ARE ALREADY IN MY HAND.
SO NOW MY LEVEL 1 TECH GENUS
CYBER MAGICIAN CAN TUNE
WITH MY LEVEL 4
TECH GENUS RUSH RHINO.
ALL SYSTEMS ARE GO!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
TECH GENUS
WONDER MAGICIAN.
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
A TRAP--
DOUBLE TYPE RESCUE.
WITH TWO MONSTER TYPES
ON MY FIELD
SINCE YOU'VE GOT
MORE MONSTERS THAN I DO,
I CAN SUMMON
ONE FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
YOU'RE PROBABLY
THINKING I'VE ONLY GOT
ONE MONSTER TYPE
ON MY FIELD,
BUT TECH GENUS
WONDER MAGICIAN
IS TWO TYPES.
SHE'S A MACHINE
AND A SPELL CASTER.
JUST ACTIVATE IT
ALREADY.
NOW WHO'S THE ONE
IN A RUSH TO MEET
HIS DEMISE?
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
I'M SUMMONING
TECH GENUS
POWER GLADIATOR.
Primo: TWO SYNCHRO MONSTERS?
VERY IMPRESSIVE.
I THINK I KNOW THE SECRET
TO YOUR ACCEL SYNCHRO.
WELL, NOW, I--
[PRIMO CHUCKLING]
WHA...
[VIZOR SCREAMS]
[PRIMO CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
AAH!
[PRIMO CHUCKLING]
YOU'RE CHEATING.
YOU'RE INTERFERING WITH
MY ACCEL SYNCHRO!
Primo: WE'RE IN BATTLE
ROYALE MODE.
ANYTHING GOES!
Robot:
GO, ALLY SALVO! ATTACK!
HYAH! HYAH!
WHEN ALLY SALVO
IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE
BY A LIGHT ATTRIBUTE
MONSTER,
THE BLAST TAKES OUT
TWO OTHER CARDS
ON THE FIELD.
WHAT?!
HEH HEH. AND ALL OF A SUDDEN,
YOUR FIELD IS WIDE OPEN.
[VIZOR GROWLS]
YOU ARE FINISHED!
WHAT IS THAT?
YUSEI!
YOU'RE BACK? I THOUGHT
YOU RAN AWAY.
THIS GUY'S ALL YOURS!
I'LL TAKE CARE
OF THE PEONS.
LET'S FINISH
WHAT WE STARTED.
BIG WORDS FROM SOMEONE
WHO'S ABOUT TO BE SCHOOLED
IN THE FINE ART
OF DESTRUCTION.
I SUMMON--
Jakob:
PRIMO, DON'T DO IT!
HE'S MANAGED TO ACQUIRE
A NEW POWER.
YOU NEED TO BACK DOWN.
Primo: ARE YOU JOKING?
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
BELIEVE THIS!
HE RECEIVED A
DIVINE MESSAGE FROM
THE ANCIENT ONE!
Primo: WHAT?!
Jakob: IF YOU DUEL HIM,
THINGS ARE NOT GOING
TO END WELL FOR YOU.
ARE YOU TRYING TO
SAY THAT I'LL LOSE TO HIM?
Jakob: PRIMO--
[SHUTS DOWN COMPUTER]
SO HE'S LEARNED
SOME NEW TRICK. SO WHAT?
HE IS STILL JUST A HUMAN.
HE HAS NO IDEA
WHAT REAL POWER IS.
OK, THIS IS A FIRST.
HYAH.
A ROBOT?
WHOA. THAT MUST BE
THIS GUY'S TRUE FORM!
YUSEI FUDO, YOU
WON'T ESCAPE THIS TIME.
SO LET'S DUEL!